# ðŸ“Œ Project: Driver Warning Sound System

This project involved the design and implementation of an audible driver warning system regarding seat belt fastening, door status, and light check.

## ðŸ–¥ï¸ Features
- Door status check
- Seat belt detection
- Headlight status monitoring

## ðŸš€ Technologies and tools used
- **Proteus 8 Profesional** for electrical circuit simulation, source code generation and PCB design
- **PIC16F887 microcontroller**
- **Hardware components:** 5 buttons, 3 LEDs, a buzzer.

## ðŸ”§  Project Folders
1. **Documentation**
   - Here you will find the code diagram. project description, and block-schematic.
   - Large project description.
   - Block diagram.
   - Project requirement.

2. **Programs**
   - All the programs used in this project is stored here.
   - For a few programs you can find here the documentation or "how was used".
    
3. **Proteus_project**
   - All files generated by the "proteus" program are stored in this folder.
   - The file containing the source code can be found here with the ending ".c".


## ðŸ“ Instructions for running
1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/utilizator/circuit-avertizare.git
```
2. Open the project in Proteus for simulation.
3. Compile and upload the code to the PIC16F887 microcontroller.
4. Connect the hardware components according to the PCB schematic.


## âœ¨ Author
**Irimia Petru-Dorin**
- ðŸ“§ Email: dorinirimia40@yahoo.com
- ðŸŒ [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dorin-dip)

---
> Project made for **Gheorghe Asachi University**, Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications.

